Sun Qiang handles the case for me
Oh, that's noisy.
This fraudster just doesn't know how to be grateful
I know that this building, the goddess of war, pushes the black prison
I specially made a video to tell you.
Some people.
Think how great it is to be a fraudster
Hmph, I'm still a dog of Hei Yu
Return black jade
I just begged him not to break the marriage
If you are willing to rush my parents, I will kill you.
You really hurt my old classmate's heart.
I also specially invited your uncle's family
Take care of your parents
Ha ha.
Ha, what are you doing here?
All the houses in the city are given to you
The deposit is also given to you.
You are still thinking about Sun Shangmin
Hu, Lu Bihua, are you still human?
That's your uncle
Who made him unaware of the praise?
It is an honor for your family to match him with Miss Zhao
You should kneel down and trust
Do you want to commit a waste crime for Lu Yun?
Thank you.
If you weren't my uncle
Then there is no chance. It's so rare, hahaha.
Haaaah
Ah!
roll
How are you guys, hahahaha?
The house in your hometown is vacated for your parents to live in
You little bastard
Don't move Lu Yun
You, just rest assured to die
What about your daughter?
I will bring back my grandson
I've thought about your silly sister
I'll send him to KTV to accompany him
You don't have to worry about your parents
You know some martial arts next to you
I assure you they went in peace.
Hahaha look
Oh, you're welcome.
Are they all fucking old classmates?
Then your wife
That's my wife, hahaha.
Arrange an attack immediately
Yes
My parents are my children
Kill you